feat: Add Svelte SDK docs (#5413)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/includes/sourcemaps/overview/javascript.svelte.mdx

Integrate your Svelte project's source maps with Sentry using these steps:

### 1: Generate Source Maps

> The Svelte compiler and your bunlder (e.g. Vite) need to be configured to output source maps. Learn more about [how to generate source maps with Svelte](./generating/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Svelte compiler and your bundler (for example, Vite) need to be configured to output source maps. Learn more about [how to generate source maps with Svelte](./generating/).
```
